DOCS-726 - Repos section for docs (#5816)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/repos/working_with_repos/directly.mdx

navTitle: Browsing/Downloading repositories
description: How to directly browse and download from the EDB repositories from the web
---

## Browsing to locate your package

1. Navigate to [https://www.enterprisedb.com/repos-downloads](https://www.enterprisedb.com/repos-downloads). Sign in if required. If you do have to sign in, you'll be directed to the account profile page. On the account profile page, select **Repo Access** to continue.

2. Select **Access Repos 2.0**.

3. You are now viewing the **EDB Repositories for Linux** page. There are two sections; **Install EDB software** and **Download EDB software**. Look at the Download section. Below the title is a panel listing the repositories available to browse.
    <img src="images/download_repos.png" style="border:1px solid; margin: 5px 0 10px 0"/>

4. Select the repository you want to browse. On selection, a new tab or window opens displaying available operating system and architecture options.

    ![Platforms and architecture selection](images/platforms_and_architectures.png)

5. The Repository package list is now displayed for your selection.

    ![Repository package list](images/repository_package_list.png)

> The view of the available files shows as multiple pages, with the number of items co. Select the up/down arrow toggle button next to the **Search** field to view all the results in a single page. Entering text in the search field will filter the results to include only package names that contain the search text.

Author: ```suggestion
The view of the available files shows as multiple pages, with the current page and count of pages. Select the up/down arrow toggle button next to the **Search** field to view all the results in a single page. Entering text in the search field will filter the results to include only package names that contain the search text.
```

---
title: Directly browsing and downloading from the EDB repositories
navTitle: Browsing/Downloading repositories
description: How to directly browse and download from the EDB repositories from the web
---

## Browsing to locate your package

1. Navigate to [https://www.enterprisedb.com/repos-downloads](https://www.enterprisedb.com/repos-downloads). Sign in if required. If you do have to sign in, you'll be directed to the account profile page. On the account profile page, select **Repo Access** to continue.

2. Select **Access Repos 2.0**.

3. You are now viewing the **EDB Repositories for Linux** page. There are two sections; **Install EDB software...** and **Download EDB software...**. Look at the Download section. Below the title is a panel listing the repositories available to browse.

> ![Download EDB software](images/download_repos.png)

Author: Fixed image (needed because out UI is all over the place putting things under the fold)
